## Documentation

(My business card was created to attract viewers to my resume, my email, and my teaching philosophy as I am completing my art education degree and seeking licensure. I wanted to deliver my business card with a design geared towards elementary students but appropriate for all age levels viewing my site. My business card solves the problem of having to print copies of my resume and portfolio images because it is available to all who want to view my online business card to learn more about me. While designing my online business card I learned a lot. I have used Adobe Illustrator many times to design and create artwork but I have never coded before creating many challenges. I learned how to use VS Code as a platform to create code, how to add a favicon which I thoroughly enjoyed, and how to design a business card that was accessible to the viewer. My project stands out through my elementary-like design with an octopus holding a bubble business card. I still want to add a digital bubble effect to further my design. The font that I decided for my online business card was a custom Adobe Illustrator font I created that was bold for the viewer but also had a fluid-like look. In addition to my name, I also included the font called Crayonize from Adobe Fonts because once again the font ties in with the art teacher theme. 
Not only does my teaching philosophy discuss accessibility and inclusion in the classroom, but I also included alt text, bold text, and media reduction for accessibility of viewers. In addition to accessibility, my favorite aspect of building a digital business card on VS Code was the mockup and design process. I used Adobe Illustrator to design my octopus, custom font, and crayons in the corners. I used Figma to create a laptop and iPhone mockup. I was able to envision my branding through the mock-ups. I often create artwork that has a cutesy look and is elementary-friendly. During this project, I was able to combine my major which is art education, and my cutesy style to create a business card that could be used in my career. This was my first web page created from scratch by using code on VS code. This was a challenging but rewarding project that will be useful for future employment. Art education is such an amazing field as it provides an outlet for children to express themselves through the use of materials and I am excited to use my digital business card.)